Make it so after 10 fights, there’s a Skill Refinement section unlocked underneath the Sparring and Rebuild Skills on the career hub, with 3 Skills to Refine: Offense, Defense, and Fight IQ, with an interface similar to the Stat Point allocation, and all refinements start at level 0. Offense and Defense will be locked behind 10 stat points each. Fight IQ will be locked behind 40 stat points; make it so not allocating all stats awarded will allow the player to save to unlock the Fight IQ Refinement.  Offense: Punch Refinement, in which you you can choose to refine different punch's power before every session (either jab, cross, left hook, right hook, left uppercut, or right uppercut, and that punch stat will go up by 1 and do 1.1x damage, all the way up to 100 at max, which will raise the damage; a level 100 punch will do 3x more damage than at level 1); the refinement will be rewarded only after competing 20 reps of heavy bag training, or else the last refinement stat set the previous week will apply.   Defense: Survive Refinement, in which Refinement Points can be attributed to either Duck Recovery (ducking at level 1 refinement allows stamina regen at 1/5th the speed of regular regen, up to level 100 refinement allows ducking to regen 100% speed), or Punch Rolling (at level 1 a punch blocked or unblocked does 0.95x damage after factoring in block state, at level 100 the punch will do 20% of its max power, and Punch Rolling will reduce Crit damage and charge punch damage; the refinement will be rewarded only after completing 18 reps of the next weightlifting session, or else the last refinement stat set the previous week will apply.  
Fight IQ: Sharpness Refinement, in which Refinement Points can be attributed to either 1) Fast Twitch (which at level 1 reduces your telegraph time by 15% and increases movement speed by 10%, and at level 100 gets rid of your telegraph entirely and boosts movement speed by 85%), 2) Heart Refinement (which  at level 1 increases stamina by 10% and at level 100 increases it by 130%), and 3) Chin Hitter (which at level 1 raises stun chance by 10% and increases the opponent’s rhythm vulnerability range by 2%, and at level 100 raises stun chance by 50% and increases the opponent’s rhythm vulnerability range by 20%). Only applies in Champion Sparring or Nightmare mode, or else the last refinement stat set the previous week will apply.  Make it so nightmare mode unlocks after reaching rank 100 instead of rank 50. Make it so knocking out 5 opponents in Nightmare mode rewards 2 refinement points. Make it so 1 refinement point is granted for every round you outscore an opponent while having over 70% accuracy on punches. Make it so landing 10 non-blocked punches in an official fight grants 1 refinement point, and landing 15 non-blocked punches in non-nightmare sparring grants 1 refinement point.