The gym will now be the new Career Hub. We’ll transfer the entire career hub to the Gym area. The Player Name, Record, and Rank will now be on the top of the Gym UI like normal, but modernize the style of all text-related elements to fit the game. In the bottom right of the gym, below the two heavy bags, add a Gym Office, render it as a desk and chair (chair facing the ring and heavy bags), the desk will have a flat screen computer in the center with a keyboard and mouse, a folder, a cell phone, and a pack of water bottles on the floor on the left side of the table. The random bonus stat points or bonus EXP points tag will now appear over one of the heavy bags, the lifting bench, or in the top left side of the ring. Clicking on the Office will bring you to the old career hub screen (not showing the Gym button or trainings or Skill Refinement pr Stats), and the back button will bring us back to the Gym. Exiting the gym will bring us to the main home menu, and selecting our save file will bring us straight to the gym. Finishing or quitting training or a fight, or simulating the week will bring us back to the gym. Clicking the left trophy case will reveal our record and stats, and clicking the right trophy case will take us to the Refinements page. Extend both trophy cases’ width, then make it so a random trophy case fills up by 1 trophy every 3 fights won (max of 30 trophies per case), while the trophy cases also fill up with medals every 20 refinement points used (up to 40 medals per case.) Behind the locker on the bottom left, add a wooden bench with your career player standing next to it in their fighting stance and bobbing animation, and the player will be scaled to the size of the 2 fighters sparring. Hovering over the player shows their current Level, Rank, and Stat Point Levels as a tooltip, while Clicking the player has a confirmation prompt that goes to the “edit colors” page when confirmed. Overhaul the old career hub page’s look to match the vibe of the game, and it will now be known as Fight Planner. Keep the functionality to convert Force to SP but put it in the Gym’s UI instead of the Fight Planner UI.